hey this is Brian B and this is the
men's emergency dance guide part two so
in this video I'm going to show you
three moves you can learn pretty quickly
so you don't have to stand around
looking like you don't know what to do
with the music so first move is the step
touch to the back it looks like this
it's pretty simple so this move is
actually composed of two different
things the bounce which looks like this
up and up and up and up and the apparent
step to the back step to the back step
to the back step through the back okay
so let's do the bounce first what you're
going to do is you're going to bend your
knees like this and every time when I
count two the one we're going to extend
up and then down and then two so it
looks like this one and two and one and
two all right so basically to each count
we're going to stand up one more time
starting from here five six seven eight
one and two and one and two alright so
that's the balance the second part to
this move is the actual step we're going
to step one side we're going to put the
other foot to the back step to the other
side foot to the back so let's try this
out five six seven eight one two one two
one two and one two putting the two
together here we go we're going to start
a little bit lower we're going to go
step and step bounce em fast bounce and
bounce and bounce and that's alright so
let's do it a little bit quicker
five six seven eight one and two one and
two one and two
and one and two so step touch through
the back so the second move is the
shoulder pop it looks like this alright
it's a pretty funky movement and it's
pretty simple we're going to get started
with the lean and this move is also can
post up to different elements the lean
looks like this alright doesn't look
like much but we are bending from the
torso from the hip here so we're going
one side other side one side on the
other side so the second component is
the shrugging motion the shrug one at a
time alright so let's put the two
together what we're going to do is we're
going to lean to one side as we shrug
all right so we're going to do this
lean shrug at the same time boom alright
so one side go to the other side we're
going to lean and shrug so lean and
shrug putting the two together to this
side first boom and boom and boom and
boom all right so that's the shrimp loop
on the last move here we call it the
salsa now this move there are different
names for it but for simplicity sake
we're going to call it the salsa for now
and we're going to be doing this move
from the side angle so I'm going to
stand like this and we're going to start
with one foot to the back alright so the
actual move it looks like this one two
one two one two one two one two one two
one two and one two alright pretty
simple so again we're going to have one
foot in the front one foot in the back
the balance is going to be placed on
this foot the foot in the front so first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to step to the front with a back foot
and then what's going to happen is we
are going to step over like this and
then we're going to switch back and the
original foot is going to come all the
way back so it looks like this
one-and-two one-and-two one-and-two
one-and-two alright so the steps are
really light let me demonstrate one more
time alright one leg in the back it's
going to come to
from step forward come back come back
one and two one two one two and one two
so this also step make sure to check out
my website I show you three dance moves
you can learn in 15 minutes to make you
look like a natural I show you a concept
for me to keep in mind to make you look
more comfortable when you're dancing and
lastly if you're looking really stiff
and really tense right now then I can
show you step by step how to get that so
check it out I'm super excited for you
this is Bryan beat and I'll talk you see